#labels Featured
|| Ngôn ngữ: [http://code.google.com/p/adblockplus-vietnam/ Tiếng Việt] | *English* ||

= Adblock Plus - Vietnam List =
An Adblock Plus filters list which is supplemental to !EasyList and !EasyElement to help block advertisements on websites from Vietnam. *Ads were yesterday... in Vietnam!* 

*NOTE: This is just a supplemental list to !EasyList, you should use it with !EasyList to achieve best results.*

==More Info==
  * *Adblock Plus*: an extension for Firefox, helps blocking advertisements on websites. *Moreover, the blocked ads are not downloaded, and that makes pages load faster for dial-up users in Vietnam.* Download at https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/1865

  * *!EasyList, !EasyElement*: global filters lists for Adblock Plus. *Adblock Pro for Internet Explorer (IE) uses a ripped version of these filters lists* [[http://adblockplus.org/forum/viewtopic.php?t=3062&sid=84f60f42e73c6fda49f512f138558a8a 1]]. If you haven't subsribed to the Easy lists yet, just get into here http://easylist.adblockplus.org, and add them.

  * You only need to subscribe to a list once, then Adblock Plus will auto update it when there are new changes later. You won't have to manually add your own filters.

  * If there are false positives, or if you have filters suggestions, just notify us. When we update the list, not only you but everyone will benefit from it :)

== Quick Guide ==

*Method 1*: Click on this image to go to Adblock Plus's subscriptions page, then click on the link as shown below:

[http://adblockplus.org/en/subscriptions http://img132.imageshack.us/img132/9864/abpvnvj0.jpg]

*Method 2* *<font color='red'>(Only when you already subscribed to !EasyList and !EasyElement)</font>*: Just copy this code and paste it into your browser. Then click OK.

`abp://subscribe/?location=http://adblockplus-vietnam.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/abpvn.txt&title=Adblock%20Plus%20%2D%20Bộ%20lọc%20Việt%20Nam`

*CONGRATULATIONS*! No more annoying advertisements!
You may want to check the filters on some Vietnam websites: [http://www.vietnamnet.vn VietnamNet], [http://www.tuoitre.com.vn TuoiTre], [http://www.thanhnien.com.vn ThanhNien]... or [http://www.thanhtra.com.vn Thanh Tra Chính Phủ], [http://www.24h.com.vn 24H], [http://www.vnexpress.net VNExpress], [http://www.dantri.com.vn DanTri] :D

.

== Support ==
Email: adblockplus-vietnam/AT\googlegroups.com